Belis Aladag: And you have Andrew kefir.
Belis Aladag: His cures check shows on March forth he was given Suboxone eight dash two milligrams film three times a day by Dr. Long
Belis Aladag: Hello.
Andy Keffer: Oh,
Belis Aladag: Hi.
Andy Keffer: Hi.
Andy Keffer: Are you
Belis Aladag: I can't see you, Andrew.
Andy Keffer: Hang on a second. Let's see here.
Belis Aladag: Video is on, but it looks black.
Andy Keffer: Yeah, got the same thing on here.
Andy Keffer: Oh no, now
Andy Keffer: Here we go.
Belis Aladag: Hey,
How's it going,
Andy Keffer: Could be better.
Belis Aladag: Could be better. Can you tell me a bit about that. I'm Dr. Allah DAG and I'm here to help you out.
Belis Aladag: With. Is it an opioid use disorder.
Andy Keffer: Well, I was on oxycodone 30 milligram I ours for quite a long time. Okay, I got it. I got out of hand with them and I quit use them and they put me on Suboxone and my doctor just recently passed away.
Belis Aladag: Your who passed away.
Andy Keffer: My the doctor, I was getting my mom from
Andy Keffer: I don't know exactly what happened. But, uh, yeah.
Belis Aladag: Oh, that's so crazy. I'm so sorry. Um, I see. Yes, so no worries. I'll be your new doctor
Belis Aladag: I'll take you. Awesome. And, and we'll, we'll keep helping you out. So tell me you were on
Belis Aladag: It looks like Suboxone film is that right
Andy Keffer: Three times a day. Yeah.
Andy Keffer: Of the eight milligrams. Yep.
Belis Aladag: And when did you say you were switched to this.
Andy Keffer: I've been on that now for almost two years.
Belis Aladag: Two years. Okay, so to
Andy Keffer: Me. It works very, very well.
Belis Aladag: Awesome. Okay, so with that dose, you feel steady, you don't have any cravings for
Andy Keffer: At three strips a day I I'm perfect. Okay.
Belis Aladag: And you take it like breakfast, lunch, dinner.
Andy Keffer: I take all three of them in the morning.
Belis Aladag: We take it all in the morning. Okay, got it.
All right. Gotcha.
Belis Aladag: Okay, got it. Okay, wonderful. And last, you all day. You feel good.
Belis Aladag: Do you have any any allergies.
Patients
Andy Keffer: Time release morphine.
Andy Keffer: And crap.
Andy Keffer: I forget the antibiotic I'm allergic to
Belis Aladag: Bactrian penicillin.
Andy Keffer: Know it's start Catholics supple. I know it's a heavy duty one
Um,
Let me think.
Andy Keffer: DOCSIS cycling. Oh.
Me duty.
Belis Aladag: Oh, I'll think of some others for you throw them your way.
Andy Keffer: Yeah, I can't, I can't remember the daily it's
Belis Aladag: vancomycin
Andy Keffer: Know that one works really well for me. Okay, it's the, it's the other one.
Belis Aladag: Level Quinn.
Belis Aladag: Quinn lucquin okay
Andy Keffer: lucquin. That's the one.
Andy Keffer: Reason I can never remember that that
Theme.
Belis Aladag: It's, it's kind of a weird name. Okay. I gotcha. So lucquin and morphing what happens with the level one.
Andy Keffer: All my things, try to come out of my body.
Belis Aladag: Oh god.
Andy Keffer: Okay, stand up everything stands in my state being stand up. They hurt it burns okay not not nice.
Belis Aladag: I'm like, Venus dilation type thing.
Andy Keffer: Yeah, and then the time release morphine, they close my throat.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so. Okay, so that's a, that's a serious allergy, so
Swallowing
Andy Keffer: Okay.
Belis Aladag: Got it. So both of them no good for you.
Belis Aladag: Know how about surgeries. Do you have any surgeries that you've had.
Andy Keffer: I had one about a year ago.
Andy Keffer: I've got a diabetic ulcers in my my right leg and they don't feel very well and they got infected and I got septic and it was it was bad. I was asked him for like six weeks.
Belis Aladag: Oh boy. So they did surgery on one of them.
Andy Keffer: Yeah. Well, they didn't surgery, my right leg in two spots where they breathed it and took all the infection infected.
Andy Keffer: Blood tissue out of there and then left me with an open hole.
So, okay.
Andy Keffer: They still haven't healed up right but i just finally got back into another document actually going to work on helping me fix it.
I see.
Belis Aladag: Wow. And so you have diabetes. Is it a type one or type two.
Andy Keffer: Type two
Belis Aladag: Type two diabetes, but are you on insulin at this point.
Andy Keffer: Yes, I'm on a mana mana vascular in and then I take
Andy Keffer: Crowd
Andy Keffer: It's a, it's a fast acting fast acting against when I came from the naval top my head, but I do that on a sliding scale.
Andy Keffer: Okay him a lot.
Andy Keffer: Of
Belis Aladag: Humor long. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, human log and you do that sliding scale.
Belis Aladag: Yep. And you said, what kind of pet is it, what is the branding.
Andy Keffer: Fast you are
Belis Aladag: V as in Victor
Andy Keffer: B B as in boy.
Belis Aladag: O B as in boy Okay vascular. Okay, gotcha. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm just writing all this down as we go.
Belis Aladag: Hold on one second. Okay.
Belis Aladag: I'm the doctor that you were seeing for the Suboxone was at a specialist like a pain specialist or an addiction.
Andy Keffer: He was a he's a psychiatrist.
Belis Aladag: Okay, that
Andy Keffer: Did that started doing some boxing treatments as well.
Andy Keffer: As name's Dr. Joel long out of Chico, California.
Belis Aladag: I see.
Belis Aladag: Just out of curiosity, will see kind of older gentleman.
Andy Keffer: Um, he, he didn't look that old but I guess it was like 16 okay
Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, okay. How about some family history. Do you have any family history of people like drinking too much or substance use issues.
Andy Keffer: No, not well yeah my, my mom's brother was an alcoholic and a drug addict.
Belis Aladag: maternal uncle.
Yeah.
Andy Keffer: Okay so maternal and then
Andy Keffer: That's the only person I can think of. I mean, there was a few other people that I don't know really know very well that were my family that were alcoholics, but I've never, I've never drink so
Belis Aladag: Okay, so you don't drink alcohol. No, I'm in any other drugs cannabis.
Andy Keffer: I smoke weed. Okay.
Belis Aladag: How often are you smoking cannabis.
Belis Aladag: Everyday daily. Okay. Has that ever caused you problems or would you say that's kind of
Andy Keffer: Not really.
Andy Keffer: No, no, it works pretty well for me it it does what I needed to do.
Belis Aladag: And what are the ticket.
Andy Keffer: It's better than ticket anxiety drugs.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so it helps you helps you mentally
Andy Keffer: Get it helps me cope with everyday life. Not I, I'm angry all the time.
Belis Aladag: Oh ok so tones down some anger for you. Okay. All right. Um, it is a mind altering substance. So it's just something to be mindful of. You don't want to end up
Belis Aladag: You know, using it as a crutch for other stuff. But I mean it is serving you. You're saying in certain ways, and you're not, I agree that, you know, for example, if you were on
Belis Aladag: Like sedatives. Were you ever on like benzodiazepines, or things like that, Xanax or Valium or
Andy Keffer: No, I'm always smoked weed for it.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, I'm
Andy Keffer: Our house high like I don't
Andy Keffer: I don't like taking I don't like taking pills and and i don't like I don't. Yeah, so I prefer it. I'm pretty good natural like possibly can. Sure, sure. Makes sense.
Belis Aladag: What about nicotine, like do you smoke.
Andy Keffer: tobacco cigarettes.
Belis Aladag: I'm gonna show you smoking.
Andy Keffer: About a little rat back today okay today.
Belis Aladag: I'm in the future, especially being diabetic, you know, that's something we can help you with. Do you think you're
Andy Keffer: Suddenly you want to
Belis Aladag: Do now or you want to hold off.
Andy Keffer: I'm working on. I'm working on getting off on myself here I've got gone from two packs a day down to pat so
Belis Aladag: Oh, good for you. That's
Andy Keffer: It's a slow process.
Belis Aladag: Okay, but you're doing it and you're working on it. Good. I think that would be so key for you, you know, with the diabetes and the wound healing problems. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Because it really affects the the the insides of our veins and arteries and that's where the blood flow happens for the healing. Right. So if we can really get rid of the the cigarettes for you. That would be
Andy Keffer: my, uh, my, my dad passed away here.
Andy Keffer: A couple years ago and he had he got on have early onset dementia caused by us Copenhagen us. Oh, wow.
Belis Aladag: See
Andy Keffer: That's what, that's what made me decide to quit smoking.
Belis Aladag: I'm so glad I mean I'm so sorry about your father. But, you know, something that inspires you to do something good for you, you know,
Belis Aladag: Something good can come out of it. Maybe. Um, but yeah, going down from two packs to half a pack. That's huge. So
Andy Keffer: Yeah, hey it's took me almost a year to do that, but it's it's a slow process. But I'm working on it. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, if you want. Just know that I have. I can give you things like loss and just like hard candies. You can suck on in replacement of a cigarette. For example, um, there's gum. Some people like the gun. They chew chew and then they park it and then they kind of let the nicotine come out.
Belis Aladag: And then of course there's patches. So some people like to put on a patch. Let's say it gives them like a daily like a steady dose of nicotine and then
Belis Aladag: If they don't crave a cigarette. Great. But if they do. Still, despite that they can then use the laws injured, we can kind of combine all those things.
Belis Aladag: But for now, you know, you're working on it. Just know that, you know, anytime you want a boost you let me know.
Andy Keffer: I've been using a vaporizer.
Andy Keffer: Okay, lately and it, it seems to help a lot. Maybe
Andy Keffer: The biggest thing. The biggest, biggest thing I have is the hand to mouth breaking that habit.
Andy Keffer: Break.
Belis Aladag: That yeah and the VPN can help with that, of course, um, but not to be the bearer of bad news, but that also has its own set of issues you may have heard
Andy Keffer: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: What the pneumonia is and the vitamin E in the in the
Andy Keffer: Formulation, and I'm laying in London one
Belis Aladag: Like you can't win.
Andy Keffer: So I started, I started making my own my own juice so
Belis Aladag: Oh, maybe
Andy Keffer: Use that I don't use the factory made stuff so
Andy Keffer: Many mine. I don't do any of that.
Belis Aladag: OK, so maybe that way. It's a little healthier, who knows.
Andy Keffer: A little better for me.
Belis Aladag: Okay, okay. That's something okay and then
Belis Aladag: Tell me about any any history or current risk of like suicide suicidal thoughts.
Andy Keffer: No, no.
Andy Keffer: I have any of that.
Andy Keffer: Okay, thank goodness. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Um,
Belis Aladag: Okay, so I think I got a pretty good history. I just want to know, tell me a bit about your the oxycodone, um, when were you what was going on that you were placed on it, what happened.
Andy Keffer: Why they started me on bike it in. I went from biking in Norco from Norco de Burgh set set
Andy Keffer: The timer least oxy cotton, which didn't really work all that well and I was alone. I was allergic to the real interest to the time release gel.
Andy Keffer: Hmm, that's, you know, that's the reason why I can't take the morphine, either. And then they put me on the box code on history leads because I've got a I've got degenerative disc disease and
Andy Keffer: Arthritis and nerve damage in my spine at the Law Group. When I was 19 when on the concrete.
Belis Aladag: Oh wow, okay.
Andy Keffer: So I've got a
Belis Aladag: Big fall on you hurt your spine. When you were 19
Andy Keffer: Yeah, I've got back got back issues that I've had for, you know, pretty much as long as I can remember now.
Andy Keffer: And they turn
Andy Keffer: On the Oxycodone and it just started to just got to the point where it wasn't working. So I'd have to take more and more and more than you got to the point where I was taking six. I'm going to time and
Andy Keffer: Just, it was working out.
Belis Aladag: I got you. So I see. So from a young age. You've had this chronic back pain and
Belis Aladag: You were placed on these meds that yeah it's kind of like a Nolan situation. They just, you just develop tolerance and tolerance and we just keep going. You hit a wall.
Belis Aladag: I see, I see.
Belis Aladag: Um,
Belis Aladag: And have you heard of Narcan I can also five that. Do you have some
Andy Keffer: Um, yeah, I do. Okay.
Belis Aladag: So I don't have to prescribe it, but it's just something for safety reasons. If you're just taking Suboxone and there's no value.
Andy Keffer: For. That's the only thing I'm taking so
Belis Aladag: You should be fine. I mean, the risk of overdose, that is extremely small. There's actually a safety kind of index on it so
Andy Keffer: Yes.
Andy Keffer: It's called ceiling cap.
Belis Aladag: Exactly. You know about it. Okay, good. So yeah, so that keeps you safe from any sort of respiratory too much respiratory depression but you know it's good to have on hand in case of like you see anyone else on the street or, you know,
Andy Keffer: So,
Andy Keffer: That's why I keep it because there's a lot of my friends to use and I've had a couple of overdose in my car and I'm like a no no no. Oh, no. Here, take this.
Belis Aladag: Yay. Yeah. Yeah. So, so it's good, it's good to have to public safety thing and do remember though if you use it to call nine one or drop them off at the hospital because it is
Belis Aladag: Rapid but it reverses again. So like it's good for like half an hour. It brings them out and then they're going to go slip back in
Andy Keffer: And
Belis Aladag: You know, legal trouble they shouldn't get into any legal trouble related to any drug possession or drug use, if you call nine one or anything like there should be
Andy Keffer: Good Samaritan laws to protect people nowadays so so you
Belis Aladag: Know people are afraid. Oh, I don't want to call the call.
Andy Keffer: Yeah, you kind of freaks me out the call conference. I'm like that's going on.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, people are afraid for good reason. But that's exactly why they put the laws in place so people's lives aren't wrist. Yeah.
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Now, if you had a warrant for your arrest. I believe they still could take you, or whatever. But other than that, from a previous thing.
Andy Keffer: I don't think I got that going on.
Belis Aladag: Good. Speaking of which, any de Lys or any like legal trouble.
Andy Keffer: No. No. Okay.
Belis Aladag: I'm got you. Okay. So Andrew
Belis Aladag: I'm going to refill your medication. Um, what
Andy Keffer: Uh huh. How do we do the refills up with you guys, are they once a week or once a month or
Belis Aladag: Yeah so. So here's how we do things. We have groups. So I have, for example, I have option of
Belis Aladag: Can you do like Mondays at 9am, could you
Andy Keffer: Know that afternoon is better for me.
Belis Aladag: Then I there's a Thursday 4pm
Andy Keffer: That would work.
Belis Aladag: Okay, we can do a Thursday 4pm which in that group from now.
Belis Aladag: I'm where you know we check in like this, but it's briefer, you know, just to be like, Okay, how's it going, all while still sober any concerns. Any other things to say.
Belis Aladag: And then I do the same with like a bunch of other people that are on the zoom call and then there's a therapist with me there who leads the rest of the discussion. So it's one hour. It's like four to five.
Belis Aladag: And the discussion is usually like some sort of recovery based thing, like, okay, how do I keep saying how do I, you know, it's all useful stuff we could all use like
Belis Aladag: You know, we try to make it relevant and we want it to be useful to everybody in the group. So it should be fun. It should be good. And it's kind of like you get to see a bunch of other people, different ages different stages.
Belis Aladag: And kind of. That's how we do it. And then we do a refill for you and then we'll go through it again and again and again, I think the model I'm new too bright heart health as well. But the model is they want they prefer us to keep that going for, for a good while.
Belis Aladag: And then
Andy Keffer: And then eventually we can
Belis Aladag: Extend it and stuff.
Andy Keffer: Yeah, cuz I'm my other doctor, he would write me for two months, but I wouldn't seem I've only seen once every two months.
Belis Aladag: Okay.
Andy Keffer: And we, you know, he'd Rodney Rodney for 30 days supply with a refill. Uh huh, which
Andy Keffer: It doesn't matter to me. Either way, it doesn't matter.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, let's try this out and see how far we go and then
Belis Aladag: And then we go from there, you know,
Belis Aladag: We'll adjust it as we go. And, and, you know, I'll send you an email reminding you, there's like a blood test at Qwest labs that you should do, just to see how your liver function is doing, because this process is processed through your liver. So it's good to have a baseline labs.
Belis Aladag: They also will do a urine test. They're just the one time, you know, just to check and then eventually every month you'll get something in the mail. Don't open it. Just call
Belis Aladag: Until clinic and say, Hey, I got your on below. See here and then they'll watch you open the envelope you go to your bathroom come back. He shown the like temperature and seven. So it's like a drug test witness drug test type thing where
Belis Aladag: They okay yeah I'm taking my Suboxone and I'm not doing anything else. And it's not a punitive thing if there was a problem like you're using something again or whatever, like, obviously we use it as a marker to help you, not as a punitive thing. Okay.
Belis Aladag: And then I think those are the only things I should remind you of
Belis Aladag: You have the option of doing individual therapy. So you'll be assigned a therapist if you want to you can also do visits with that person one on one, but okay.
Andy Keffer: It's optional.
Belis Aladag: If you want just meet her. I think you're assigned to Serena, she's getting most of my patients. So you'll meet her on Thursday at four.
Belis Aladag: So we can do it that way. So since since you and I already met. Now, do you want to skip this Thursday and go for the following Thursday.
Andy Keffer: I'm not going to go this Thursday, that's fine.
Belis Aladag: Check it out. Yes, you.
Andy Keffer: don't check it out anyway.
Belis Aladag: Is. See how it feels. Okay. So, on Thursday, you meet her, and then you can decide. Yeah, yeah, maybe I want to do individual visits as well.
Belis Aladag: Because it can help you. You were mentioning anger and other things that
Andy Keffer: Yeah, but I have a bad thing or issue tends to tends to get out of control. Sometimes, and I have to remind myself and and sometimes it's hard to do.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, so if we can. Yeah, maybe there's things that that'll help you out with that. So we'll do that. I'm finally medication wise.
Belis Aladag: Meds. You mentioned those to the human log sliding scale in the vascular pen anything else.
Andy Keffer: That's the only thing I'm taking
Belis Aladag: OK, that's it. And then the Suboxone got it. Yep. Beautiful. Okay, and
Let me see.
Belis Aladag: Okay, and then the pharmacy should be in here. Let me just go for it.
Andy Keffer: Yes, yes.
Belis Aladag: East Avenue.
Andy Keffer: You that are married, the one in Marysville
Andy Keffer: But they each have no one's fine I can always have a transferred over here.
Belis Aladag: I can change you prefer changing it. Let me do that.
Andy Keffer: Um, yeah, let's let's get into the Marysville America GPS and Marysville
Belis Aladag: Okay, hold on.
I'll save previously tolerated.
Okay, I'm
Belis Aladag: Marysville search. Okay. Can you give me a zip code for their
Andy Keffer: 95901 okay search
Belis Aladag: Okay so Marysville CVS. There's one. Yeah, there's one on East street 906
Belis Aladag: That's it. Okay. Beautiful. So I'll make that your preferred pharmacy.
Awesome.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: What was the the zip code again. Give it to me.
Andy Keffer: 95901 okay
Belis Aladag: We have two different computer programs. So I'll update it on both. Okay, so I have it there. The narcan nasal spray. Should I order it, just in case you don't have to get it.
Andy Keffer: No, I got a couple of them. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, got it. Okay. All right. Beautiful. So you should have, um,
Belis Aladag: I'll give you what did I give you enough through Thursday. And then when I meet you on Thursday. I can order more
Andy Keffer: Do you want to do that.
Belis Aladag: Okay.
Belis Aladag: That works. Okay, great, beautiful. It's really nice meeting you. Thank you for sharing your story. And sorry about your doctor.
Andy Keffer: If it happens. I just wish I knew what happened.
Belis Aladag: Yes, kind of
Andy Keffer: Strange when it's a misquote I got a text message from the gentleman told me he passed away. And I was like, what
Andy Keffer: And when you call the doctor's office number now it just gives you a recording
Andy Keffer: That's weird. Oh, yeah.
Belis Aladag: And you you met him every two months or so. So
Andy Keffer: Yeah, about once every two months. I'd seen for 45 minutes or so. And that was it. Interesting. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Well, maybe you'll find something out, maybe not. But stay safe yourself.
Andy Keffer: You know, the corn trying, I'm trying to I'm trying to stay away from everybody.
Belis Aladag: Are you tell me who you're living with I didn't ask
Andy Keffer: I live by myself.
Belis Aladag: You live by yourself. Okay. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so you're staying away from everybody. Gotcha.
Belis Aladag: Okay, good. So you got that and then job wise, what do you do
Andy Keffer: I'm a mechanic mechanic. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Is our stores still open like shop still open.
Andy Keffer: Um, my shops, not because I shut it down. But there's still a few that are open. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: I mean, because people still need cars to be working right, it's
Andy Keffer: It's one of the essential, this is this is allowed to be open.
Andy Keffer: Okay, but I shut down. I don't want to deal with it.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, like I just don't want to.
Andy Keffer: Not get sick.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, you have diabetes as well that you already had complications with so
Andy Keffer: No, I'm good. Without without getting sick. Exactly.
Belis Aladag: Okay, we'll take care of yourself a pat on the back for cutting down on the cigarettes and really really keep doing that. That's really going to help you. And then I'll see you. I'll see you very soon.
Andy Keffer: All right. Thank you.
Belis Aladag: Okay, bye.
Andy Keffer: Everyone. Bye bye.